hey this generates happy sir des how in
the world is doing this is week 16
December 26 that i'm going to show you
the location of zur actually have today
off so I'm really excited looking
forward to spending some more time with
the family for the Christmas holidays
speaking of Christmas happy belated
Christmas I want to do another video on
that time I talk about that more at the
end but here is Sir let's see what he
has to offer him hoping that he has
something cool for the holidays I was
actually oh there's a G horn I was
actually hoping or expecting something
in the postmaster box you know something
some kind of present I don't know
nothing absolutely nothing s bungee is
supposed to give us something though
after the holidays but just checking to
see what I have equipped that I can
trade in been saving my glimmer which is
hard to do lately because I'm able to
upgrade so many things i'm sure you guys
are doing the same thing but it's hard
to do this but there is what he has
claws for the Warlock already have that
no land beyond which is a sniper rifle I
talk about that here in a minute but ok
let's see but there's a G horn that has
to be the best gun in the game super
good advice thunderlord last word Red
Death cero's which I think he's had that
every week maybe not or Lisa trade-in
but there's some armors that you can
trade in helm of a most light heart of
praxix fire which I'm going to get that
and the Sun breakers which i already
have upgraded and then no heavy ammo
cakes get out of here bah humbug you
Scrooge can't believe it I think I have
though like at least mass 60 on every
character so I'm really good to go with
that but alright I'm going to trade this
so i can pick that up and I've got
enough glimmer to at least get two
things so I'm good to go there but yet
definitely going to pick up this heart
of praxic fire I that will allow me to
get my second warlock to level 32 and
yes SG horn definitely like I said the
best weapon in the game hands down if
you disagree let me know
man especially if you're doing the raid
or anything else definitely the best but
there's the armamentarium and what else
was I going to pick up oh you have some
heavy weapon telemetry used all mine up
got the new raid heavy weapon the raid
machine gun so really excited to get
that but ended up using all that
telemetry so might as well pick up a
couple since I'm swimming in coins and
bah humbug do user for not have any
exotic weapon Ingram's or heavy ammo
cakes I guess I can't complain too much
I got 63 right there and I think I got
another 60 on each character so I guess
yeah first world problems for me I
shouldn't be complaining speaking of
that you know I said in the beginning
merry christmas and i just wanted to say
to everybody out there too you know I
know Christmas for a lot of times for a
lot of people is a really happy time for
me it is you know watching my kids open
up stuff getting gifts myself you know I
don't really we don't really do a lot of
the gift-giving when we get older or in
my family we kind of skip over that but
you know I know for a lot of people this
is a tough time you know financially
it's a tough time you're trying to keep
compete or you know keep up with
everybody else and their gifts and
everything like that and here's the no
land beyond but I know also to there's
other people out there that have lost
loved ones around this time there's
other people that have strained
relationships with family and just some
not so good thing so if that's you you
know just want to say you know I
understand that and I'm sorry you know
hope you can find some peace and some
joy from this time and I want to do
another video on this and talk about
Christmas and talk about Christ more so
I'm going to do that probably and
hopefully this weekend but just I just
want you to know that I know not
everybody is happy around this time but
hopefully you had a merry christmas let
me know what you guys got I'm actually
to the point where I'm probably pretty
hard to buy for them there's like
nothing I need and there's nothing I
want or nothing that I want that doesn't
cost like over thoughts or is there
something crazy like that but my kids
got me a travel mug which is like the
perfect gift that was for my son I love
those plastic cups i could put your
coffee into him going through those like
crazy and then my daughter got me a
little flashlight for my key chain so
that was perfect and then my wife got me
something really cool
she actually got me 12 envelopes one for
each month and she put some money into
those not a whole lot or anything like
that but she marked them for our dates
so you know it's very important that you
have a date night with your wife and for
her to give me that you know that was
just really cool and she also i'm gonna
end with this story she also gave me
something else on wednesday night while
sleeping actually was woken up by being
hit right across the face all rights
imagine you being dead asleep and all of
a sudden something hitting you right
across the face I jump up I'm like
what's going on you know I put the
switch I'm ready to go you know I'm
ready to see who's attacking me and
everything like that and then I hear my
wife say oh I'm sorry that was me I just
smacked you across the face I'm sorry
about that apparently she was having
this dream where these two big dogs were
jumping up on her and she went the back
hand with the dogs and chanted her back
ending me in real life right across the
face so yeah not a good way to be woken
up she said that when she got up later
on in the morning I was actually
sleeping with my hand or my arm like
over my face kind of protecting myself
oh pretty funny apparently too she's
having and having a good time telling
everybody about that I guess I'm just
glad I didn't have a black eye for
Christmas but that's how my Christmas is
gone let me know what you guys are doing
and how everything's going remember
don't get caught up and all the hype and
all the you know trying to compete with
everybody you know your time when it
comes to your kids your time is more
valuable than anything so don't worry if
you can't get the big presence or
anything like that but hopefully you
guys headed Merry Christmas hopefully
you guys find some peace and joy but
that's where I'm gonna end this guys as
always take care and god bless